Assignment 4 Marking Scheme

This marking scheme closely follows the code generation template document.

General documentation of the teams  code generation strategy can count 
toward marks in the various categories below;

1. storage of scalar and array variables, constants				15 marks
   a. variables in the main program				3 marks
   b. variables in procedures and functions			5 marks
   c. variables in minor scopes					2 marks
   d. integer and boolean constants				2 marks
   e. text constants						3 marks

2.  expressions									25 marks
    a. describe how the values of constants 			2 marks
	(including text constants) will be accessed.
    b. describe how the values of scalar variables 		1 mark
       will be accessed.  
    c. Describe how array elements will be accessed.		5 marks
       Show details of array subscripting.
    d. describe how you will implement each of the arithmetic   3 marks
       operators  +, -, *, and /
    e. describe how you will implement each of the comparison	5 marks
       operators  <, <=, =, not =,  >=, > 
    f. describe how you will implement each of the boolean	5 marks
       operators  and , or and not 
    g. describe how you will implement conditional expressions	4 marks

3.  functions and procedures							25 marks
     a. the activation record for functions and procedures.		4 marks
     b. procedure and function entrance code (activation record setup,  5 marks
        allocation of local variables, etc)				
     c. procedure and function exit code (cleanup, return values, etc)	3 marks
     d. describe how you will implement parameter passing.		4 marks
     e. describe how you will implement function call and function	3 marks
        value return.
     f. describe how you will implement procedure call			3 marks
     g. describe your display management strategy			3 marks

4.  statements 									18 marks
    a. assignment statement						3 marks
    b. if statements							3 marks
    c. while and repeat statements					3 marks
    d. exit statements							3 marks
    e. return statements						3 marks
    f. read and write statements					3 marks

5.  Other									5 marks
    a. main program initialization and  termination
    b. any handling of scopes not described above
    c. any other information that you think is relevant.

6 Sample Programs								12 marks
    A4-01.488								4 marks
    A4-02.488								4 marks
    A4-03.488								4 marks
